Okay, so there is no status indicator in the arena that's showing live instead of mock, so that's one issue. The other issue is that this does not look like a trading platform at all, right? Like, the watch list looks terrible. It's absolute trash. The TradingView terminal, I gave you a prompt that specifically asked to have, and you might have built a lot of this in the backend, but I gave you a prompt that specifically asked you to build, you know, these TradingView integrations where the chart loads, we need more candles, we need like a bunch of historical information, so it should load even more. I want the user to be able to change timeframes, right? So that needs to be an option. All the order flow logic, like, for example, if I buy and I keep buying for Euro USD, it just keeps adding it to the current position. That's incorrect. It should open separate positions so I can close them all separately. You know, and I also don't see the proper entries and exits on the charts that line up with what current price is at. The TradingView integration looks terrible. I mean, it should look, like, we should, our design should look like, like, like something like this, and let me show you everything. That it is. I mean, I'll send a picture, so that way you can get a feel for what it should actually look like, but we are way off the mark. Like, this does not look like a trading platform. The UI is absolutely trash. The balance and equity should be at the bottom. The leaderboard pop-up is cool, I'll give you that. The return's fine, the rank is fine, the daily drawdown's fine, the P&L is fine. But it should be at the bottom, where the nav is. The positions tab and orders and history should be collapsible to make the charting bigger, seeing what the watch list, seeing what the order panel, like all should be collapsible. You should have charting tools from TradingView, so I should be able to add a line chart, or a Fibonacci, or SMA, or some type of indicator that comes with TradingView. All those things should be done. I should be able to modify orders, so there should be a pencil button in the positions tab when I have multiple positions open, and then I can edit a stop loss and take profit, something like that. And I can just directly type the stop loss in or TP into the actual position, or I can open up the pencil and it will allow me to do the order. Like, there's just a lot of things missing, and I felt like in this prompt, I gave you a lot of information, and maybe it wasn't UI specific, maybe you did a lot of, like you did the database changes, you did the lock conversion, it seems like you got the P&L right. You know, also I wanna add all forex symbols and create a challenge that has all those forex symbols on it. But yeah, this UI is trash. Like, the trading arena needs a UI overhaul, and also at the top of the trading arena, instead of having what symbol they're currently on and the bid and the ask and the spread, I'd rather have the actual challenge name that they're competing in. And instead of having like a login functionality where the user can change their logins in the bottom left underneath the watch list, I'd rather them be able to switch into the different trading competitions so they can just quickly enter and exit the different trading comps. If a trading comp is not active, then the trading arena should render this competition is not active right now and the trading terminal shouldn't even pop up. Like, there's just a lot of inconsistent, not properly thought of UI elements here, and the other UI is looking amazing and good, but this UI for the trading terminal needs a complete overhaul and needs to be beautiful. Like, this is just... Terrible. And I'm hoping that the backend system that you built out is going to support this, but this should look like a trading terminal. Not like I built it with a fucking pen and paper.